Kameron more kam er I n mo re would you
like me to know thank you for being here
for driving all those many miles thank
you may speak to the defendant you may
Larry initially I wasn't gonna come here
and say anything to you not because I
didn't have anything to say but because
I didn't want this child I'm carrying to
be in the same room as a child molester
even unborn life
should it be subjected to that that's
how deeply I hate you for what you did
to me I was a gymnast that twist ours
for 12 years and I was notorious in my
gym for always being injured I had my
first major injury when I was 10 and
that marked the beginning of a very long
a very close relationship every year it
was something new a torn hamstring a
fractured back and then surgery after
surgery after surgery every time I
thought my gymnastics career was over
you were there to nurse me back to
health anyplace and anytime you allowed
me to come to your house late at night
or had me sneak in the back door at MSU
for treatment I couldn't believe how
lucky I was that the great Larry Nassar
was always at my disposal you called me
your guinea pig because you'd always try
out your new tech techniques or
treatment tools on me we always joked
about how big my file was by the time I
graduated I had three or four files I
think to hold all the paperwork from all
the times he had treated me all the
times you had work to gain my trust and
eventually all the times you abused that
trust in order to abuse me when my dad
passed away when I was 12 you became the
only adult male figure in my life that I
trusted that was also the year that I
made the u.s. national team as well as
the year that you and I became much
closer you would talk trash about my
coaches because you knew how much I
hated them you would have snaps for me
at the national team training camps
because you knew we were on a highly
restricted diet you even cried to me one
day alone in your home as you told me
one of your deepest you
it's about your family you weren't just
a doctor to me you were my buddy but it
wasn't long after our friendship
developed that you decided what we now
call your special treatment I vividly
remember the first time I remember you
telling me that I had to wear either my
leotard or shorts for the treatment
I remember how absolutely mortified I
was when you asked me if I had started
my period yet because you couldn't do
the treatment if I had a tampon in and I
remember becoming more and more
uncomfortable intense as your hand
slowly massage its way closer to my
genitals and you put your finger inside
me all the while talking to me as if
what you were doing was perfectly normal
it wasn't you abused the trust that I
and so many others put in you for your
own sexual gratification for that alone
I can't imagine a punishment great
enough for you however in my eyes you
did something to me which is even more
unforgivable you who lasted a little
girl who had just lost her father
you knew my personal life all too well
and I can't help but believe you used my
father's death as yet another
opportunity to manipulate the trust I
put in you was I not suffering enough it
was my suffering making it that much
more pleasurable for you I don't want to
know the answer to that I'm mad at
myself
when I think about every time you put
your fingers inside me and I continued
to trust you
no matter how disgusted and embarrassed
I was no matter how hard I shut my eyes
and no matter how many times I lied to
you and told you that I felt so much
better just so it would end even when we
were alone in your treatment room at MSU
and you had the audacity to ask me if
you could videotape yourself doing the
treatment on me you told me that it was
so you could teach other doctors how to
do the same what a great educator
here you are I think the little girl
that I was every day that she had the
common sense to say no while you were
setting up that video camera you had
never met a little girl with a list of
her own before had you I want to thank
my mom right now for raising me to know
that even as a little girl I had the
power to say no to a grown man I doubt
she ever thought I'd have to use that
power against someone she considered a
friend she did consider you a friend
she trusted you and now she feels like
she's failed me as a mother because she
couldn't see what a psychopath you are
her and I both have to live with that
every day
it's hard to imagine they'd even after
all of that you had me so wrapped around
your finger and I still trusted you so
much even when I was a sophomore in
college and you were the only person I
called to help me make the decision to
end my gymnastics career due to my
injuries after 18 years of gymnastics
you were the only person I called not
even my own mother do you remember what
you told me you said cami you've
suffered more than anyone in order to do
this sport and buddy should have to
suffer that much it's time to be done so
I guess in some weird way you did care
if I suffered he just didn't care when
it pleasured you when I found out what
you had really been doing to me
I understood so many things about why I
am the way I am now why I hate when
anyone touches me unless I initiate it
even my own boyfriend at the time
why expressing any type of emotion to
anyone is an extremely calculated move
for me and if anyone ever makes me feel
like I need them I get so angry and I
immediately cut them off from my life
sometimes I feel like the only emotion
I'm capable of feeling is anger
almost every friend I've ever had has
told me that they don't understand me
they don't understand why I want to live
alone
I don't like being around other people
when I'm vulnerable
they don't understand why sometimes I'm
the life of the party
and then all the sudden I secluded
myself in a corner and shut down
completely at this point they've learned
to just leave me alone because they have
no idea what to do I could go on for
days about all the ways that what you
did changed me but that would be a waste
of time wouldn't it because you don't
care you're too concerned about your own
mental health and pretending to be some
sort of victim and this enormous
disaster that you created you've heard
from so many young women about how
confused they are trying to process what
you've done to them unfortunately I
wasn't able to be there for my teammates
while they were struggling to deal with
that but I was there for one person and
I had to watch them process their
confusion my own brother
imagine that he spelled gymnast at the
University of Michigan and when he
realized what a monster you are
I watched him frantically search the
internet trying to find some proof that
the Chi in his shoulder is somehow
connected to his genitals because after
he had surgery on his shoulders you
treated him in your basement you pull
his pants slightly down to expose him in
front of one of your other female
victims actually who's in that basement
as well and you put acupuncture needles
right next to his genitals I'm not sure
how my brother's shoulder is connected
to his balls but I guess she works in
weird ways my whole family was fooled by
you but I know now who you really are a
child molester
and a master manipulator and I don't
blame myself anymore for being the
innocent child that I was but I will
very soon
with the help of my family and my
friends and my psychologist be free of
this pain that you've caused me you on
the other hand will learn a whole new
meaning for the word friend in prison
you have no family and freedom to you
will soon become any moment when you're
not in fear or when you forget for even
one second that your victims are living
wonderful lives as survivors while you
rot in your cage it took too long to get
to this place where you will finally
have to suffer those consequences alone
and afraid but that to me is still a
great victory you will never mean
anything to anyone for the rest of your
entire life
better I'm done thank you thank you you
are extraordinary I can see the relief
pouring out of you and I'm really proud
of you I'm so sorry you lost your father
I'm sure he's here with you also
praising you I know that because you are
so strong you're going to raise a strong
child I understand it I felt about
coming here and having your child with
you facing him but have no fear your
voice is a pillar of strength for your
child and all other children which is so
important and your words have stopped
the suffering of others and will stop
those who think they don't have a voice
because you proved here that despite
your fear you can overcome it have that
voice
face your predator be strong continue to
be strong and successful as you
and you are extraordinary and you are
strong you are the face of a sister
survivor warrior and I want you to
continue on in that way with your sister
survivors thank you so much for making
the journey here and for your words and
proud thank you so much